#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
-e git+git://github.com/maykinmedia/mail-editor@34ee3c9709ac16cf5bf6dee4ea3619c22419b886#egg=mail_editor
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
astroid==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
django-axes==5.20.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mail-editor
    #   vng-api-common
django-ckeditor==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mail-editor
django-cors-middleware==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-ipware==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-markup==1.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-solo==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markup
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mail-editor
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vng-api-common
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==8.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
gemma-zds-client==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pip-tools==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pylint==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   packaging
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   vng-api-common
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.17.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-choices
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   webtest
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
    #   importlib-metadata
unidecode==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
vng-api-common==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
